Fix correctness mistakes (#4906)
shogun-toolbox/shogun: doc/readme/DEVELOPING.md

 * The PR is small in terms of lines changes.
 * The PR is clean and addresses **one** issue.
 * The number of commits is minimal (i.e. one), the message is neat and clear.

>  * If a C++ code: it is covered by [tests](#testing), it doesn't leak memory, its [API](#api) is documented, [code style](https://github.com/shogun-toolbox/shogun/wiki/Code-style).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * For C++ code: it is covered by [tests](#testing), it doesn't leak memory, its [API](#api) is documented, [code style](https://github.com/shogun-toolbox/shogun/wiki/Code-style).
```

 * If an API example: it has a clear scope, it is minimal, it looks polished, it has a passing [test](#testing)
 * If docs: clear, correct English language, spell-checked
 * If a notebook: the cell output is removed, the template is respected, the plots have axis labels.
 * Formatting notebooks/docs: Please every sentence in a single line.

# Testing <a name="testing"></a>

> Three types of tests can be executed locally, C++ unit tests, running the API examples, and integration testing the results of the API examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Three types of tests can be executed locally: C++ unit tests, running the API examples, and integration testing the results of the API examples.
```

The option `--leak-check=full` for valgrind might be useful.
In addition to manually running valgrind on your tests, you can use `ctest` to check multiple tests.

> This requires to be enabled in dashboard reports in via `-DBUILD_DASHBOARD_REPORTS=ON`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This requires to be enabled in dashboard reports with `-DBUILD_DASHBOARD_REPORTS=ON`.
```

For example

    ctest -D ExperimentalMemCheck -R unit-GaussianProcessRegression

#### Adding tests
We aim to write clear, minimal, yet exhaustive tests of basic building blocks in Shogun.
Whenever you send us a C++ code, we will ask you for a unit test for it.
We do test numerical results as compared to reference implementations (e.g. in Python), as well as corner cases, consistency etc.

> Read on [test-driven development](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test-driven_development), and search the web for tips on unit tests, e.g. [googletest's tips](https://github.com/google/googletest/blob/master/googletest/docs/Primer.md).

Reviewer: or TDD, as most people seem to call it now

Author: Incorporate it.

Please check the logs!

# Benchmarking <a name="benchmark"></a>
In Shogun we use the [google-benchmark](https://github.com/google/benchmark) library to test the performance of the modules in the library.
To compile and run the benchmarks set the `BUILD_BENCHMARKS` cmake flags to true, i.e. run the cmake command with `-DBUILD_BENCHMARKS=ON` flag.

To run all the benchmarks simply run:

    ctest -L benchmark

## Adding benchmarks
We aim to provide an easy way to benchmark modules in Shogun. Hence, whenever you send us new C++ implementation, please
consider writing benchmarks for it.

> To add benchmark to a class, simply create a file next to the implementation, which name is suffixed with `_benchmark.cc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a benchmark to a class, simply create a file next to the implementation, whose name is suffixed with `_benchmark.cc`.
```

For example, for the `RandomFourierDotFeatures` class the benchmarks are available in the `RandomFourierDotFeatures_benchmark.cc` file.

> On top of this, you need to explicitly specify to cmake that you have added a new benchmarking file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On top of this, you need to explicitly specify in CMakeLists.txt that you have added a new benchmarking file.
```

> `ADD_SHOGUN_BENCHMARK` cmake helper function should be used in `src/shogun/CMakeLists.txt` within the `benchmarking` to add a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ADD_SHOGUN_BENCHMARK` cmake helper function should be used in `src/shogun/CMakeLists.txt` to add a
```

> benchmark implementation to build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
benchmark implementation.
```

> a new benchmarking file, add new benchmarks with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> `ADD_SHOGUN_BENCHMARK` cmake function the following way. In the `src/shogun/CMakeLists.txt`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to add a benchmark with the path `src/classifier/YOLOClassifier_benchmark.cc`, use the `ADD_SHOGUN_BENCHMARK` cmake function in the following way in `src/shogun/CMakeLists.txt`
```

> file within the `benchmarking` section using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file within the `benchmarking` section:
```
